aaron ross long boring speech discussed
a strange phenomena that occurred during
his deconversion that many others
experienced along with myself there
seems to be a tendency to lean toward
mysticism or magic or the occult when
the realization comes that religion
isn't real it seems to be like a
stopping point or halfway house for a
lot of recovering believers i'm guessing
the majority of this phenomena it's
caused by the fact that we're taught to
believe things without critical thinking
and evidence we are not taught how the
scientific process works so we doubt its
claims we also want there to be
something more magical than this crappy
existence seems to offer because we've
been told for so long that life is
horrible compared to heaven and we are
still addicted to the idea of knowing
secret knowledge and power that
dedicated scientists are too blind with
their need for evidence to see the truth
that was my reason for it at least if
you had others let me know what they are
nicotine two seemed to shudder at the
idea of this happening to the world as
he seems to see it as occurring to
replace religion and finds it vile
because without a god to make them do
good things they seem ridiculously
self-centered and follow a blind faith
in whatever mystical fad there in at the
time which can be very flexible morally
depending on what the person feels like
doing at the time he raises some very
good points but I have a feeling this is
going to have to be a necessary growing
pain if we are going to become a
skeptical species these people for the
first time at least tend to have more
fear of the law and consequences than
they do of their God which is a major
step materialism is a major problem but
they seem to have inherited that from
the last generation of spending borrowed
Christians when it comes to giving
charity I am ashamed to say it but I am
horrible at giving to charity I kind of
destroyed my mental constructs for being
charitable because I was saving up for a
big project that I thought was going to
generate a lot of money for charity that
in the economy fell through and I had to
work to barely keep my nose above water
now that I'm more settled I am the rest
of the skeptical community would
probably try to figure a meme to
construct along the lines of tithing but
doing it out of kindness and not out of
guilt so you give it to some religious
order the problem with you man
is that it was never given a handbook or
any guidance when it emerged as a
species the human race is a sort of Lord
of the Flies experiment which only we
the later descendants can look back the
data and learn from I feel like religion
was humanity's childhood when it needed
a parental figure to scare it into doing
things that parent tended to reflect the
parents they had which tended to be
abusive and violent but then the world
was pretty violent back then prior to
the rise of religion there was an amazed
him in prior to that there was no
religion in my past studies i read that
archaeologists date the earliest
evidence for the belief in a soul to
about 200,000 years ago spirituality and
animism or ancestor worship from that
point on was a vague notion and it was
there is more of a consolation or
imaginary friend to help out or an
imaginary bogeyman to scare you and your
tribe from doing something dangerous
then agriculture and trade was evolved
and people began going from xenophobic
hunter-gatherer tribes two people who
interacted with each other on a much
larger scale than could have ever been
imagined before the steps to religion
came from new communication especially
once writing took off during that time
period were police courts and logic
weren't in the numbers that they are
today religion was kind of needed to
figure out ways to keep people from
going rampant and doing harm to others
there are roughly the same number of
neurons in an ant colony that there are
in the human brain however unless they
evolved telepathy they will never be as
smart as us the speed and communication
between all neurons is what causes our
conscience the same is true about
humanity in general until recently we've
all been very disconnected with slow
communication between each other
something the Internet's and cell phones
have exploded in speed of transfer of
information when a baby is born
relatively all of its neurons are
disconnected as a way to save space so
that it can exit the birth canal with
its giant brain only those linked to
instinct are intact as the baby gets
older the communications are built from
experience and interactions from the
environment around it we humans have all
these collective experiences but for the
longest time had no way to transmit the
experiences clearly quickly and
accurately the way we do now the
combined knowledge of individual
experience could lead to a much better
understanding of the world like ants we
are all going around collecting
information and experience and feeding
it into and raising the group
consciousness the queen is a combination
of our own minds at this point and the
Internet in some cases the humans are
the drones and in some cases the
internet is the drone from this
interaction new ideas and information
can be generated from the knowledge
gained from others quickly just like the
formation of this video one neuron may
fire and set off a chain of other
neurons firing as well are in raw
nicotine's videos thoughts and
experiences triggered my brain thinking
about this topic and I was able to
discuss it based on my own experiences
in knowledge I gained who knows this
video may trigger other thoughts in
people's heads to create new videos and
ideas now that humanity has increased
its transference of information the next
stage of maturation and morality are
likely to occur groups of people who
would have never ever heard of each
other are now able to find each other
and coordinate for change making this a
better place